Yesterday I saw the whole sky was filled with color and light.
As you know that vibrations have light.
It’s very light flickering, very small light,
each particle of vibration has and you can see that.
But when there are too many,
then they can be caught up by your cameras.
But yesterday I think the clouds got vibrated.
And is a very great thing to get the clouds vibrated.
If the clouds are vibrated, the rain will be vibrated.
If the rain is vibrated, the land will be vibrated.
All the crops that are to be
germinated will be vibrated too,
so when it goes into the body of human beings,
they’ll get also vibrations.
Is the best way now is to vibrate the clouds, I think,
if you have to have many more people for Sahaja Yoga.
That’s the idea came into My mind last night
that why not vibrate all the clouds, that’s the best way.
Moreover the vibrations are very tiny bit,
with one point going into a half circle normally.
This half circle then combines to make “Aum” sometimes,
sometimes it makes a chain, sometimes
it gathers together to make crosses.
But the basic thing about them is that they can think,
and think very fast, much faster
than human beings can think.
And they are extremely collective, extremely collective.
So they move together,
thinking the same way, understanding the same way
in an absolute manner
and work out the whole thing
in a very beautiful silent way that you cannot even feel.